[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to the
House of Wellbeing.
You are listening to the
Confidence hypnotherapy audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic suggestions
that help you to reach
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go, and really enjoy
those peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
Make yourself as
comfortable as possible
and concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
And begin by drawing in
a long, slow, deep breath
in through your nose.
Hold the breath for a moment.
And now slightly open your
mouth and release all the air
from your body in a
long, low, deep sigh,
and relax, allowing your
lungs to naturally deflate
as your body sinks into
gentle relaxation now.
And you can release any tension.
Relax and let go as I
guide you through a journey
of relaxation, a journey that
you will find very beneficial
for your overall well-being.
You're going to start
this calming experience
by first relaxing your
whole body-mind system.
And it's true to say that the
simple act of relaxing the body
and mind has a positive knock-on
effect, because how you think
determines how you
feel, and how you feel
influences the world around you.
And how you choose
to think today
affects your decisions
from here on in.
So to make my
assurances your reality,
let's begin by
focusing your attention
at the very top of your head.
Tension often starts at
the scalp and the neck.
So mentally and physically,
allow all the muscles
around the top of your
head to relax now,
letting all the tension
simply dissolve.
As you start to tune into
your body-mind system,
just let any tension you may
be holding to release now.
Allow your brain to relax,
the left and the right
lobes of the brain
just releasing.
Such a simple thought, yet so
profound and so significant.
Just letting go completely.
Drifting further
and further down,
nobody wanting anything,
nobody needing anything.
This is your time to relax.
Taking the relaxation
into the face
now, allowing all of your
facial muscles to feel loose.
Feel your brow relaxing,
your forehead smoothing out,
the back of your eyes relaxing.
Tiny muscles around your
eyes and diet's eyelids,
down into your cheeks and
into your jaw muscles,
just releasing and letting go.
Allowing your
tongue to fall away
from the roof of your mouth.
And should you find you need
to swallow, just do that
now and drift down and
down, deeper and deeper
into blissful relaxation.
The more you physically
relax, the more
you can mentally relax.
And when you can
mentally relax, you
can think much more clearly.
And when you think more clearly,
your life becomes clearer,
you make better decisions,
and you're much more
in control of your days.
So noticing now how
your neck feels,
relaxing all the little muscles,
letting go of the strain,
letting go of the tension.
Allow that tension that you
may be holding in your shoulder
to go now.
Feel those shoulders,
both of them,
sinking into the
frame of your body.
Feel your neck lengthen
as you do this.
Feel or imagine all your
cares and worries just
rolling off your shoulders now
as you take the relaxation down
now into the tops of your
arms, letting any tension you
may be holding just drain away.
And as your awareness floats
down through your upper arms,
into your elbows, all the
muscles in your forearms
relax, right down to your
wrists and into your hands,
and way down into the very tips
of your fingers and thumbs.
Your arms are feeling so heavy.
Your body's so comfortable.
Nothing whatsoever
to do but just
relax and enjoy this feeling
of total release now.
As you let go of all the
tension in those muscles,
you may experience them becoming
calmer and gently releasing.
And just tune into the
feeling of simply letting go.
As you become aware
of your breathing,
notice that you are now
breathing steadily and slowly,
rhythmically.
And with each exhale,
you feel yourself
just relaxing even
more deeply, allowing
any tension in the chest area
now to simply drain away,
letting go completely
and totally.
Bring awareness
into your stomach
now and let all your
stomach muscles relax.
And as you do, I
want you to imagine
a ball of sunlight passing
down from the top of your head
down through your face, your
throat, and into your stomach.
Visualize this healing
energy passing down
through your throat and
chest and into your stomach.
So see and feel the sunlight
swirling and rotating.
And as the light glows, it
warms and soothes and heals,
and you release and relax and
drift down and further down.
And in your imagination,
you send the sunlight out
now to every nerve cell,
bone, muscle, fiber,
and system of the body.
See it flowing through
the bloodstream
and leave the light there.
It knows what to do.
As you take the relaxation
round into your back muscles,
and from your back muscles
it relaxes those muscles
either side of the spine.
Releasing, relaxing,
and just letting go now.
Deeper and deeper now.
As you relax your
waist and the muscles
of your lower stomach and
down into the pelvic area, all
the way down through
the large thigh muscles,
down through your knees,
your shins, and your calves.
Just allow all those areas of
the body to relax and let go.
You're so relaxed, so
heavy, so comfortable.
And now tune into that
comfortable feeling
as you think on down to
your ankles, into your feet,
right down to the very
tips of your toes.
All the muscles of your body
now so beautifully relaxed,
and you feel very heavy
and very comfortable.
And you're feeling centered
and relaxed fully in control.
If there are any
areas of your body
that still feel
tight or tense, you
find that you can relax them
simply by giving yourself
permission to do so.
And you can now go even
deeper as I count down
from eight to zero.
And with every number, you
feel yourself drifting further
into blissful relaxation.
So eight, seven, six, five.
Deeper now.
Four, three, two, one, and zero.
Deeply relaxed, letting go of
all the cares and worries, all
the tension and pressure
and stresses and strains.
Let them all ease from your
body and ease from your mind,
and allow yourself to drift down
into a deeper, more blissful
state of creative relaxation.
And now that you're in
a deeply relaxed state,
we're going to talk about
feelings of confidence.
And you know that not
only does being confident
feel good, it helps you
to seize opportunities,
to take more chances, make those
changes you've been wanting
to make, or perhaps even take
the next step in your life
or even your career.
So perhaps learning
to be more confident
will help you to
attract a partner
that you can build a healthy
relationship with, or maybe
even seek out new
opportunities that will
foster your personal growth.
The real key to
being more confident
is to think confidently.
Talk confidently
and act confidently.
So from now on in, you start
to think much more positively,
as by thinking
positively, you'll
be manifesting good
things into your life.
So instead of focusing on
ways something can go wrong,
from now on, you focus on
all the ways it can go right.
If a negative thought
enters your head,
I'd like you to visualize
pulling a plug from your mind
as if it's right
out of the socket,
cutting the power that
fuels negative thinking.
And you know that negative
thoughts no longer serve you,
so you let them go, preferring
now to believe in yourself,
believing that things will
work out just as they should,
having the confidence
to dream big,
think big, and be positive.
You quiet your inner
critic from now on,
that voice inside your head,
the negative self-talk,
otherwise known as
your inner monologue.
And knowing that has
an important effect
on your confidence.
From now on, you
catch yourself when
you're thinking negatively.
You replace the
thoughts with something
you like about yourself,
something positive,
remembering when you did
something you were proud of
or was successful in.
Confident now about yourself
and about your abilities,
immediately stopping
those negative thoughts
in their tracks and
rewiring your thinking,
retraining those
thinking patterns.
You notice that your body
language also starts to change.
You stand up straight.
You square your shoulders
and open up your chest.
You breathe deeply.
You maintain brisk,
purposeful strides when
you walk to cover more ground.
You have a confident stance now.
Your posture now makes
you feel stronger,
and where your body
goes, your mind
follows, acting confidently
and so feeling confident.
And when you
connect with people,
you show confidence
through eye contact,
exuding confidence when
you meet new people.
You use the 80-20 rule,
meeting someone's eye 80%
of the time to help
strengthen your relationships.
You live your life day by
day, confident that by living
in the present, you
appreciate what you have.
You appreciate what you're
grateful for without worrying
about what will happen
tomorrow, freeing your mind,
allowing confidence
to flow in now.
You are self-reliant,
self-confident,
and filled with independence
and determination.
You are self-confident.
You think confidently
and you talk confidently.
You act confidently, and
so you feel confident.
You are now creating a
new positive reality.
You now experience
all the warmth and joy
in life while detaching
from the negativity.
And from this moment on, you see
the positive side of everything
that happens in your life.
You see the positive
opportunities in everything
you experience.
Your positive
thinking now results
in a more positive life.
You experience a feeling
of overall well-being
and mental calm.
You are at peace with yourself,
the world, and everyone in it.
Each and every
day, you experience
more and more positive results
of your positive thinking,
making you feel more
confident each and every day.
From now on, your
self-esteem is increasing.
Your self-confidence
is increasing.
You feel enthusiastic
about your life,
and you look forward
to the challenges.
And you now breathe
life with new optimism,
with new enthusiasm.
A happy, self-assured
inner you has emerged.
From this moment
on, you're feeling
and you're becoming much more
confident each and every day.
And this wonderful
suggestion and idea,
this wonderful belief
of you becoming
and you feeling more
confident is now
growing stronger and
stronger inside your mind.
This positive suggestion,
this positive idea,
this wonderful
belief that you're
becoming, that you're feeling
more and more confident
every single day is becoming
more and more real for you.
And you're truly feeling more
confident each and every day.
Positive, strong
confidence growing in you
now so that you can do what
you want to do in your life.
Every part of you
feeling more confident
with every single
day that passes,
much more confident to
do those things you've
always wanted to do.
You think confidently,
you talk confidently,
you act confidently, and
so you feel confident.
And I'd like you
now to take a moment
to visualize yourself
being confident.
Perhaps you see yourself at
work, talking to a friend,
or simply having the courage
to start something new.
Whatever it may be,
feel it and see it.
Hear yourself being confident.
Visualize it now.
Notice how happy you
look, how reassured.
Your self-confidence is high.
See that your body language
and posture is assertive.
Your eye contact is strong.
You're achieving what
you want to achieve.
You're looking, feeling,
and acting confidently,
brave, determined,
poised, and self-assured.
And you like this feeling.
It feels great.
You look great and
you sound great.
You take a moment now
to congratulate yourself
as you achieve the
level of confidence
you have always wanted.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count from one up to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now with one,
two, three, four, and five.
Eyes open when you're ready.